We will next focus on sales forecasting.
We will go through an example of forecasting sales bookings
using both the bottom-up approach and the top-down approach.
In the bottom-up approach,
you will see how historical data is used for forecasting.
In the top-down approach,
you will use assumptions about [inaudible] that
influences sales productivity and in turn the projected bookings.
Though there are many ways to implement each of these approaches,
the examples here will provide a foundation
for extending these practices to new examples.
I've provided additional resources below
the videos for you to see other examples of sales forecast.
Before we begin, let's take a moment to revisit the sales funnel.
As you remember, the sales metrics are tracking the conversions from prospects into
leads and then turning these leads into quantified leads and finally,
the hope to win or close the deals and increase the sales bookings.
Now let's go over a sales forecast using a bottom-up approach.
This is the more common approach and it comes from the sales funnel historical data.